Password optional sign in javascript node guide (#3437)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/pwd-optional-sign-in-email/main/index.md

---
title: Sign in with email only
---

<div class="oie-embedded-sdk">

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

> Learn how to use the Embedded SDK to integrate password-optional sign-in in your app.

Author: updated

**Learning outcomes**

> * Set up password-optional sign-in in your Okta org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up password-optional sign-in flows in your Okta org
```

Author: updated.

> * Configure your Okta org to allow your users the option to sign in without a password

Author: updated.

> * Integrate password-optional sign-ins in your app using the Embedded SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Integrate password-optional sign-in flows in your app using the Embedded SDK.
```

Author: updated.

> * Enable your app to support password-optional sign-ins

Author: Added something similar.

**What you need**

<StackSnippet snippet="whatyouneed" />
</br>

**Sample code**

<StackSnippet snippet="samplecode" />

---

## Overview

## Update configurations

> Before you can start integrating password-optional sign-ins in your app, <StackSnippet snippet="setupoktaorg" inline/>. Also, to test the sign-in integration, you must use a user with an enrolled email authenticator.

Author: updated.

> Before you can start integrating password-optional sign-ins in your app, <StackSnippet snippet="setupoktaorg" inline/>. Additionally, in order test the sign-in integration, you must use a user with an enrolled email authenticator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you can start integrating password-optional sign-ins in your app, <StackSnippet snippet="setupoktaorg" inline/>. Also, to test the sign-in integration, you must use a user with an enrolled email authenticator.
```

Author: updated

> Before you can start integrating password-optional sign-ins in your app, <StackSnippet snippet="setupoktaorg" inline/>. Additionally, for this use case, you must have created a user with an email authenticator as described in the <StackSnippet snippet="signupfornewaccount" inline/> guide.

Author: You need a user with an enrolled email authenticator. I've updated the text accordingly.
